Extending gps:info with information on the source (#10)
DKE-Data/agrirouter-tmt-protobuf-definitions: README.adoc

If you receive a 404 HTTP status, this means that you are currently not allowed to view this repository because you do not have access. If you are an AEF member and do not have access, please ask the AEF office to grant you access to the repository.

== Usage of these protobuf definitions

> These protobuf definitions provide a data structure for data that is sent via agrirouter from one endpoint to one or multiple others. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These protobuf definitions provide a data structure for data that is sent via agrirouter from one endpoint to either one or multiple other endpoints. 
```

> These protobuf definitions provide a data structure for data that is sent via agrirouter from one endpoint to either one or multiple other endpoints. 

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
These protobuf definitions provide a structure for data that is sent via agrirouter from one endpoint to either one or multiple endpoints. 
```
